With regards to Eq 10b
CH: Assuming true recruitment in the same year as the catch? If so, this would be a very data-rich stock with perfect in-season information. I see below that there is observation error in the on/off switch for single-stock fisheries, but not in estimation of target catch. Why wasn’t forecast error included here? (e.g., assuming run is long enough such that preliminary escapement estimates help inform in-season recruitment??) I suspect we discussed this earlier, but have forgotten the rationale for this.
CF: Forecast error wasn't included because we couldn't separate it from the other processes contributing to historical outcome uncertainty. Thus, if we incorporated both forecast and implementation error, total outcome uncertainty would be inflated.

With regards to Sgen,i for Larkin stocks
CH: Estimated using Grant et al. 2017 unpublished CSAS Working Paper methods for Larkin-type stocks?
CF: It's briefly mentioned in the DFO 2017 assessment update - would this be an appropriate reference?

With regards to Figure 4 (heat map)
CH:I’m having difficulty reconciling the left panel with Fig. 2b (right panel on Fig. 2). Should the contours on the vertical line at scalar =1 match the metric values on that plot, which range between 0.37-0.6. Here, it looks like they range between 0.58-0.71. What is the difference in underlying parameters? I suggest keeping them constant between the two, and highlighting the similarity in plots.
CF: Good catch. This was a bug driven by me leaving US harvest in one set of figures but not the other. Corrected now and I've added a note about how the two figures are similar.

With regards to divergent productivity in discussion
CH:Consider adding a sentence or paragraph on differential trends in productivity among stocks (e.g., Harrison vs other declineing stocks). I recall you ran some scenarios of this.
CF: These scenarios tended to just behave intermediately to optimistic and pessimistic productivity scenarios. Given space constraints I'm not sure it's worth emphasizing currently, but will revisit after moving more of methods to supp.

With regards to inflection point on HCR figure S1. 
CH: Is the inflection point in the line supposed to differ from the vertical red dashed line? If so, what is the deviation?
CF: This deviation is due to us including a minimum 10% exploitation rate. In reality the generic PA HCR should rise linearly from 0%.